1. Why did you choose the tools, libraries, and language you used for the coding exercise?

    1. I chose to use javascript with Node.js and Express because I have previous experience working with 
    this stack for backend developement. This allowed me to set up my environment quickly and efficiently. 
    I also know that JavaScript's asynchronous capabilities make it a good choice for backend development
    because it can handle multiple requests simultaneously.

    2. I chose to use a combination of a MinHeap and two HasMmaps to store and retrieve the user's information. 
    I wanted to optimize information retrival in the 3 methods to be as quick as possible. I knew that I would need a 
    quick way to order transactions by timestamp because of the "spend" method, so I chose to use a MinHeap to 
    store timestamps. Using a MinHeap would allow me to keep track of transactions in ascending order based on 
    timestamp, which ensures that points are spent in the correct order without needing to traverse the entire 
    transaction history. The HashMaps allowed for efficient lookups and updates to the information. One HashMap
    stores the transaction information with timestamps as the key (which in theory should be unique). The other
    HashMap stores the cumulative points per payer. This separation allows the solution to be time-efficient in 
    retrieving information both for balance checking and for processing the "spend" operation.
    

2. What are the advantages and disadvantages of your solution?

    Advantages: 
        1. Time Efficiency: The combination of MinHeap and HashMaps makes the solution very efficient in terms of 
        time complexity. The MinHeap allows for O(log n) complexity for retrieving the oldest transaction, 
        and the HashMaps allow for O(1) complexity for looking up or updating payers' balances.
        
        2. Modularity: Separating the transaction data and payer points into two HashMaps made my code organized and clear.
        It also made it simple to maintain and update different parts of the user's data.

    Disadvantages:
        1. Handling Negative Points: I allowed for negative values of points to be added in the add function because 
        in the writeup there was an "add" example with negative points. However, I don't actually think this should be allowed 
        because it could cause confusion with the "spend" function. To try to maintain the integrity/sensibility of the system
        I added a check in the "add" method so that negative points could only be added if it wouldn't make the total points 
        balance of the payer negative. But in general, I don't think it is good practice to allow negative points to be added. 

        2. Unique Timestamps: In the transaction hashmap, I used timestamp as the key of the hashmap. I figured 
        timestamps would be unique since in this case, we were only dealing with one user. However, if this application were 
        to scale up to handle many users, using timestamps as a key could be very buggy (because multiple transactions can happen
        at the same time).

        3. Scaling: The use of in-memory data structures like HashMaps and MinHeap works for a single user. However, for a 
        multi-user system, I would recommend transitioning to a relational database (like SQL). I would use a table in SQL where 
        I could give every transaction a unique ID, so that I would not have to rely on timestamps as being a key in the transaction
        HashMap. SQL also has efficient ways of ordering data based on timestamps, so I would use that instead of a min heap. 


3. What has been a favorite school/personal project thus far? What about it that challenged you?

    My favorite project so far has been the Insta-lite project I created for my "Scalable and Clould
    Computing" class last semester. We were given no starter code, and just 3 weeks to create 
    a scalable and working web app version of Instagram that supported features like:
         - user registration
         - user login
         - profile updates
         - friend relationships
         - notifications
         - chat DMs
         - image and text post uploads
         - profile updates
         - feed iteration (likes and comments)
         - feed ranking algorithm based on the users friends and followed hashtags
         - kafka twitter and federated posts post integration

    This proejct was my first experience with full stack development, and it was my first time planing and
    creating a relational database schema capable of efficiently handling complex relationships between 
    users, posts, hashtags, interactions, etc. At first, the project felt completely overwhelming, and I 
    truly didn't beleive I was capable of building something like this, especially in a limited amout of time. 
    However, the three weeks I spent working on this project turned out to be some of the most enjoyable and
    fulfilling of all my time at Penn.
    
    I had so much fun on this project, not only working with my team but also just with the progamming itself. 
    (Which is why this Fetch assessment has been one of the most enjoyable assessments I have taken as well!)
    I was always so great to see how the frontend and backend of our project came together with each new feature that
    we built. It was also so interesting to ideate with my patner aobut the schema of the tables we would need.
    We would often start coding a feature, and then realize that in order to finish, we needed to go back and add
    a column or two to some of our tables. But this is why this project was so great: it allowed us to witness our 
    own growth in such a short period of time. By the end of the 3 weeks we were debugging in a fraction of the
    time and would often think of edge cases before we started coding. 
    
    I’ve always been someone who loves understanding how things work, and this project gave me the opportunity to 
    see the entire process from start to finish. t reminded me of when I learned assembly language in a previous 
    class and experienced that same deep satisfaction of finally understanding the low-level mechanics of how 
    computers operate. I am so grateful that I took this class and had the opportunity to build this project. It 
    solidified my passion for building complex systems and helped me realize that hands-on implementation is key 
    to truly mastering the concepts I had been learning throughout the semester.